CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2020

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Iat Sam
Last Name: Sin
Student Number:1004909904
UofT E-mail Address:artina.sin@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Wilson
Last Name: Mak
Student Number: 1004869403
UofT E-mail Address: wilsonxie.mak@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C
-------------
First Name: Jia Chen (Jackson)
Last Name: Han
Student Number: 1005412572
UofT E-mail Address: jackson.han@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D
-------------
First Name: Nyah
Last Name: Way
Student Number: 1004808407
UofT E-mail Address: n.way@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: DE Paint

Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
A painting application where the user can use the DE2 board to draw multicolour freeform lines, erase, draw simple shapes like squares and circles, and change the size of the pen. We also want to display the cursor and include multiple background images to draw on. We hope to include keyboard input.

What is your plan for the first week?
We want to get the freeform drawing working including colours. We're going to make and test the module for creating rectangles and use it in our VGA input process.

What is your plan for the second week?
Once we have freeform working, we can move on to shapes and loading background images. We also want to show the cursor and are going to deeply debug and test so that we can move onto more difficult items.

What is your plan for the third week?
This week is for extending our project to hopefully include keyboard input or to add a joystick input instead of using keys for a smoother experience. We're going to add a preview of what the current drawing will look like in the corner so that the user knows what color, size, and shape they're drawing with.

What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?
We can shorten our project to not include certain things like keyboard input or not adding the preview, so that we can use the time from the third week to fix the base idea.


Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We created a datapath that allows freeform drawing and drawing rectangles. We are still working on the FSM and the control unit so that we can switch between the two drawing modes.
	There were a couple issues with the shape of the line; we hadn't given enough time for the drawing to be done before moving the cursor and the current speed of the cursor was not the best.
	We managed to fix it and tested using the boards in makerspace by adding a countdown in the draw state so that the "cursor" waits long enough before moving to the next position.

	Next week we hope to follow our plan on loading background images and displaying the cursor.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.>

<Make sure to document what YOU added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>


Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>